Almost none of us have ever experienced (stolen) once, In traffic jams, markets or streets
And when we were talking to someone what happened out of the way of preaching from the situation or (the loose talk)
He asks, "How did you not pay attention?"
And he's stealing you?
At that time, we would reply directly to be exempt from embarrassment and say
" sleight of hand."
The sentence " sleight of hand " is a slang
sentence that is used here in Egypt as a term for any thief who robs us
Without being careful.
But it is a term for everyone who works in magic
this is a very new thing honestly
I think from my point of view it is a term for mocking minds (Underestimate people’s minds.
Almost none of us have heard of the two guys who have appeared on Social Media lately.
on Social Media lately.
(Azzam & Chris El-Masri)
The two young men made too many videos and made a stir (Controversial things) on the internet
with magic or as they said it was " sleight of hand."
Before you finish the episode.
It's necessary by God, to make sure people are
For a million time, I'm a sleight -hand player.
confirm you if they believe you
I'm a sleight -hand player.
Yes, indeed, he's a sleight -hand player.
There's no such thing as magic, people.
It's all just a little sleight of hand and talent.
Unfortunately, the media itself I think
was a partner in promoting of these issues
Of the way, stirring up controversy, it's nothing more than that.
A lot of programs hosted them and they made episodes with them
But what attracted my attention more
A Senior Tv Presenter like
Amr El-lissy in his program "One of the People"
You password begins with number 1
And also 3 numbers are familiar so,
write treble 1
ok
3 and 1 what is the number between ?
What are you waiting for …
Write 2
2 by 3 equal what ?
6 … write 6
1, 2 , 3 , 6 ….
Look at my eyes
Write the last number 4
Its opened
Is that your password ?
Is that number is right Mustafa ?
Or a great actor like
Ashraf Abdel-Baqi in his program "Ashraf's Coffee"
But what isn't luck, that the paper under it
Under it directly
You will find your photo while you catching the same number
Same photo
Oh no man,
5 , and you have chosen 5
What is that ?
And you have chosen 7
Same number
Show them to the Camera
What is that ?
It’s a photo of something but it's ok the same paper
Yeah,
I will make it clearly to you,  boss
Make it clearly how ?
I will play with you a tricky game right now, you thing I will be silent?
Is that Cards is full ?
explain what? Mustafa
The great God forgiven
So I will play with you a petty game , my boss ?
You haven't my children photos?
They are supposed to not leave people's minds to many questions that goes around the circle of each one of us
Unfortunately, there are no answers for it.
A Young Muslim & A Young Christian
And under the terms of our Eastern Arab Christian Islamic Society
So Surely al-Azhar and the church have a role and opinion in these topics
And We will have another episode with them.
We'll talk about it later.
But let us shed a little light on some of the tricks they do
For example, they have a menu for some of foods that you can choose
and they can prepare this food very easily
And you started to prepare and putting the food on the stove
I put it on the stove
Open your hand
And close with the other
Imagine that you prepare it, exactly
It's warming up
Exactly
Make it close to you and trying to smell the favor
Damn you
What have you chosen?
tell me
Potatoes
No no no no no
Or, for example, they convert any soft drink to any kind of juices (or vice versa)
What color is it?
Green
Green, so it is not licorice
The licorice is a black and a little bit of yellow color, right ?
yeah
Ohh ew! , ugh!
No, no, no , no
How is that ?
You said, what you do you like?
Seven Drink
Do you like Seven Drink, right ?
Ohhhhhhhhh
Byeeee
Here, you can drink
Is this possibility as a superpower or a feature or " sleight of hand."
or whatever the name
Can for example help to solve the crises and problems that we might face
if we get a scarcity of water for example
I don't know...
Or Is it solving a hunger crisis for a poor people?
also, I don't know
There was a movie called ....
illusionist.
is about a magical life story.
In one of the scenes of the movie
this magician was trying to benefit the society
This magician offered some trick.
He was trying to prove that magic could be a way to developmental agriculture very quickly.
in this scene spokes of how an "orange seed" could become a big orange tree.
and edible.
In less than a few seconds.
So he linking his skill in magic to benefit the society
So, Can these guys do this?
Anyway, let's try to digest this food and beverages.
And talking about "Umm Ali" (famous Egyptian Sweet Pastry Dessert
– Oriental sweet "Ali's mother"
These guys
One of them knew the secret numbers (passwords) of any Visa card
A Tv presenter Amr Al-Laithi was very surprised
and almost he is still surprised until now
Because he didn't explain to us anything from the content he gave,
but it's just a little sleight of hand.
How come that’s all is just a little sleight of hand !!!!
really, I don't know
If we assume that "Ali's Mother " awake in the morning and she is surprised that
there is no credit in her visa-account
Will she be overwhelmed by the suspicion of these two young men after hearing their episode?
Or it will be a report against an unknown person
Or the police themselves automatically will suspect them
Or are these two young men angels,
Harut and Marut of the 21st-century?
(the two angels in Babylon Harut and Marut)
I don't know.
Let's ignore the food .....  Let's ignore Um Ali.
But Let's talk about Ali.
There was a cartoon movie called
(Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs).
This movie was telling a story of a guy who tried to benefit the people of his country
and invent a big machine for them
The mechanism of this machine to enters water on the one hand and on the other gives food and meat
Let's say this kid (Ali) is now watching this Cartoon movie
And he knew that this Cartoon Movie turned into a reality, and the hero is REAL
And Suddenly,
He watches the episodes of Azzam or Chris el-Massri
and noticed the reaction of Amr Al-Laithi while he is very impressed and excited with the tricks of these two guys
and instead of dreaming of becoming an inventor and inventing that machine
He found that there is a shorter and faster way calls " sleight of hand."
So What are the inner orientations of this child?
I don't know.
And for the psychologists in these field and their treatments we will have a special episode
I think from my point of view that the topic is v. important
And if we're joking...
It's not just a meal or a (Umm Ali) or Ali the child.
I'm Tariq Mohamed.
I wanted to highlight everything negative in our lives
Everyone is trying to make a mockery of our minds
A light that delivers to all minds and all cultures
And this light should be
(Perforated light)
I don't have a problem with someone specifically
But I want from everyone to give a hearty meal intellectually
To get back to the whole community with the benefit
I am not coming to blame
Or words that end.
And I don't speak as big words as the one that's presented in human development.
Those people have their own characteristics and have their considerations and their affairs
But my words if it has depth
it is for intellectual development and not human development
Community therapy and not community therapy
because I am not a therapist
I wish from you and anyone who hears this video
to listening to the next one.
Because the next one, although it has no other name, Except for criticism
So It will be a constructive criticism.
And I wish from every respectable person that I would criticize constructively
to be responsible for that criticism
With the replies that befits me and him
in the form of affection and respect
I don't make fun of people
I criticize things by the scientific content or the scientific material
or intellectual material or the psychological material or Occult Sciences or any something like that
We have a society that will show you all its problems and all its conditions
with very important things and very thorny things
And really i need you to look at the next video
Because the next video will be very important
It's going to be a challenge.
And this challenge in the end will be guaranteed to respond
Titled/ ...
(Tarek Vs Azzam)) ...
Does "Azzam", like a man who knows the unseen and knows the hidden things
Or The man who predicts or whatever!!!
Does he knows that I'm shooting this video for him right now?
((( Or the next video )))
Like he was predicted the episode with Amr Al-Laithi
the day before he appeared with Amr Al-Laithi
we will knows that together , in the next episode
I hope you to Follow us